Talk about the best game
It was the fight between Liang Qi and Yan Han 4 years ago
Unfortunately, it was caused by cheating.
It is said that it was Wu Sheng who helped Liang Qi cheat
Mu Yuanjiang's daughter
The only descendant of the Mu family
I didn't expect the Mo family to fail like this
What happened to the Mo family?
I came from the Mo family
I've been teaching you for so long
You can't even break a sand sculpture
You still have the face to talk to others, right?
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Hey
20 years ago
I bid farewell to Brother Yuanjiang
Never see you again
It's a pity that I only learned a little bit
If you can see Mo formaldehyde re-emerge from the rivers and lakes in this life
I will die without regret
Boss Wang is actually Dad's junior brother
Xiao Mo one
Not a single sandbag can break
Master, this sandbag is at least 50 kilograms
How is it possible to punch through with one punch?
What the hell do you know?
Mojiaquan takes softness for the people
Turn the palm and punch
vertex output
Let alone sandbags
Within an inch of grass
You can stop in an instant
Practice well
Just know to partner
The horse steps are wrong
The punch is naturally weak
Wushuang, you are a cleaner and know martial arts
One centimeter to the right of the left foot
The toes are folded in the middle, the abdomen is hidden, and the force is on the waist.
I've been practicing for three years
I'm not going to teach you straddles with your cleaner
Move your left foot one centimeter to the right
The toes are folded in the middle, the abdomen is hidden, and the force is on the waist.
master
Sorry.
Who's the curator?
Get out of here